Always collect metrics when --metrics-per-host=false (#4139)
kubernetes/ingress-nginx: docs/user-guide/monitoring.md

After the login you can import the Grafana dashboard from _https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/tree/master/deploy/grafana/dashboards_

![Dashboard](../images/grafana.png)

## Caveats

### Wildcard ingresses

> By default request metrics are labeled with the hostname. When you have a wildcard domain ingress, then there will be no metrics for that ingress (to prevent the metrics from exploding in cardinality). To get metrics in this case you need to run the ingress controller with `--metrics-per-host=false` (you will loose labeling by hostname, but still have labeling by ingress).

Reviewer: Nitpick:
```suggestion
By default request metrics are labelled with the hostname. When you have a wildcard domain ingress, then there will be no metrics for that ingress (to prevent the metrics from exploding in cardinality). To get metrics in this case you need to run the ingress controller with `--metrics-per-host=false` (you will lose labelling by hostname, but still have labelling by ingress).
```

Author: > Nitpick:

I am not a native English dude, but isn't the spelling that you purposed the British English variant?

Author: @dotLou I am not a native English speaker, but isn't the spelling that you purposed the British English variant?

Reviewer: Canadian actually 🤔  Although regardless, I think `loose` should be `lose` even with other potential differences 😂

Author: Fixed "loose" -> "lose"
